JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening. I'm
Judy Woodruff.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And I'm Hari
Sreenivasan.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
tonight:
the road ahead after Donald
Trump and Hillary
Clinton's big wins in the New
York primaries.
Are the party nominations
further out of reach
for the rest of the candidates?
HARI SREENIVASAN: Also ahead
this Thursday:
a makeover for American money.
Treasury Secretary
Jack Lew talks about putting
women on U.S.
currency for the first time in
over 100 years.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And how community
leaders in
Memphis, Tennessee, are working
to break the
cycle of childhood trauma which
can lead to
serious health consequences in
adults.
ALICIA NORMAN, Principal, Perea
Preschool:
They are out of control, 3- and
4-year-olds.
And it breaks my heart to see
that a child
has been broken so early in
life.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All that and
more on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: The top two
candidates in the
presidential race are feeling
pretty good
today, after they cleaned up in
the New York
state primaries.
Now they're looking to hold
their challengers
at bay in the contests yet to
come.
Donald Trump, fresh off winning
big in his
home state, moved on to the
Midwest and the
Indiana primary on May 3. Unlike
last night,
when he took a more restrained
tone, today,
he was on the attack.
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
I'm a million of votes ahead,
millions, million
of votes ahead of lyin' Ted
Cruz, right?
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
DONALD TRUMP: I'm about 300
delegates ahead
of lyin' Ted.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But in
Pennsylvania today,
Texas Senator Ted Cruz insisted
the race for
the GOP nomination is far from
over.
SEN. TED CRUZ (R-TX),
Presidential Candidate:
And there's a reason Donald
wants all of the
lapdogs in the media to say that
the race
is over, because the three weeks
that preceded
yesterday, there were a total of
five states
that voted, Utah, Wisconsin,
North Dakota,
Colorado, Wyoming. In all five,
we won a landslide.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Cruz predicted a
contested
convention is inevitable,
telling a Philadelphia
radio station nobody is getting
1,237 delegates
to clinch the nomination before
then.
But on the Democratic side,
Hillary Clinton's
double-digit victory last night
puts her on
track to wrap things up before
convention
time.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON (D),
Presidential Candidate:
The race for the nomination is
in the home
stretch, and victory is in
sight.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Clinton
campaigned in Philadelphia
today.
There were mixed messages coming
out of the
Bernie Sanders campaign after
his 16-point
loss in New York. Last night,
senior adviser
Tad Devine said they will --
quote -- "assess
where we are after next week's
primaries."
Today, he took a different tack.
TAD DEVINE, Senior Bernie
Sanders Campaign
Strategist: I think we have a
lot of time.
We have got over 1,400 delegates
still to
be picked. We have got huge
states like California
still in play. Only Bernie
Sanders can do
something that we need to do to
win the general
election, bring in young people.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Sanders himself
took the day
off from campaigning, and
returned home to
Vermont.
HARI SREENIVASAN: In the day's
other news:
The strongest aftershock yet
rattled earthquake
survivors in Ecuador, as the
confirmed death
toll reached 553. The latest
tremor struck
some 15 miles offshore, before
dawn, but there
were no reports of new damage.
Meanwhile, aid continued to pour
into the
ravaged country. The Peruvian
military also
joined in to help transfer
victims from the
quake zones to hospitals.
JUDY WOODRUFF: There's evidence
today of an
apparent migrant disaster at sea
in the Mediterranean.
The U.N. Refugee Agency and the
International
Organization for Migration say
survivors report
up to 500 people drowned off
Libya last week.
In Geneva today, U.N. officials
said smugglers
tried to put too many people
into a crowded
ship bound for Italy.
WILLIAM SPINDLER, United
Nations: We understand
that about 100 to 200 people
left Tobruk in
Libya on the way to Italy. And
they were being
transferred by the smugglers who
were in command
of their boat to a larger vessel
that was
already carrying hundreds of
people. And while
they were doing this in the
middle of the
sea at night, the bigger vessel
went down.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The flow of
migrants from Africa
to Italy is increasing as the
weather warms.
But Greek Prime Minister Alexis
Tsipras said
today the European Union's deal
with Turkey
has sharply reduced the flow to
his country.
HARI SREENIVASAN: In
Afghanistan, the death
toll from a Taliban attack in
Kabul more than
doubled overnight to 64. A
suicide bomber
and gunmen assaulted a
government security
agency yesterday nearby the
presidential palace.
Officials now say most of the
victims were
civilians, including women and
children.
JUDY WOODRUFF: President Obama
arrived in
Saudi Arabia today, hoping to
reassure a skeptical
ally. Tensions were evident as
the president
arrived, and was greeted by the
local governor
and not King Salman. The two
leaders did meet
later, and offered smiles and
gracious words.
The Saudis have opposed the
president's outreach
to Iran and his approach to
Syria.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The U.S.
Supreme Court has
upheld a judgment that forces
Iran to compensate
victims of terror attacks. They
include relatives
of 241 U.S. Marines killed in a
Beirut bombing
in 1983. Their families will
collect from
nearly $2 billion in frozen
Iranian funds
held in the U.S.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The European
Union widened
its antitrust battle with Google
today. E.U.
officials accused the tech giant
of rigging
the mobile applications market
to benefit
its own products. In Brussels,
an E.U. commissioner
said Google uses the Android
operating system
to freeze out competing apps.
MARGRETHE VESTAGER, European
Union: As a result
of Google's behavior, rival
search engines,
mobile operating systems and Web
browsers
have not been able to compete on
their merits,
but rather been artificially
excluded from
certain business opportunities.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Google strongly
denied the
charges.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Back in this
country, the
tainted water crisis in Flint,
Michigan, is
now a criminal case. Two state
regulators
and a city employee were charged
and arraigned
today, accused of official
misconduct, tampering
with evidence and other
offenses. In Flint,
the state attorney general said
they manipulated
records to make lead levels in
the water appear
lower.
BILL SCHUETTE, Michigan Attorney
General:
They failed. They failed in
their responsibilities
to protect the health and safety
of families
of Flint. They failed Michigan
families. Indeed,
they failed us all, and I don't
care where
you live.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The attorney
general also
warned more charges are coming,
and he said
-- quote -- "No one is off the
table."
JUDY WOODRUFF: Five former
police officers
in New Orleans pleaded guilty
today in deadly
shootings during Hurricane
Katrina. The case
involved the killing of two men
and wounding
of four others. The officers
were convicted
in 2011, but the verdict was set
aside because
of misconduct by prosecutors.
This plea deal
means that they will serve far
less prison
time than they originally faced.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Volkswagen
will spend just
over $1 billion to compensate
U.S. customers
for emissions cheating. It was
widely reported
today that V.W. reached an
agreement in principle
with federal regulators. The
deal involves
diesel vehicles. It's to be
presented to a
federal judge in San Francisco
tomorrow.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On Wall Street
today, a rally
fizzled and stocks finished with
only modest
gains. The Dow Jones industrial
average was
up 42 points to close at 18096.
The Nasdaq
rose more than seven, and the
S&P 500 rose
one point.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And, in South
Carolina,
a state lawmaker has come up
with a tongue-in-cheek
bill on Viagra to highlight her
opposition
to curbs on abortion.
Representative Mia McLeod
says men should have to wait 24
hours before
buying Viagra for a sexual
encounter. She'd
also require counseling on the
benefits of
remaining celibate.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
Donald Trump
changes his tone after a big win
in New York;
a major redesign of American
currency to include
women; can you be charged with a
crime for
refusing a Breathalyzer test? --
the Supreme
Court will decide; and much
more.
JUDY WOODRUFF: As you heard in
our lead story,
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton
celebrated
wins in New York lasted night,
but the campaign
is far from over, with plenty of
important
battles ahead.
For more on the race for the
White House,
we turn again to Susan Page,
Washington bureau
chief for USA Today, and Reid
Wilson, chief
political correspondent for The
Morning Consult.
And we welcome both of you back
to the program.
So let's start with the
Democrats, Susan.
Where is this Democratic race
after Hillary
Clinton's big win last night?
SUSAN PAGE, Washington Bureau
Chief, USA Today:
A 16-point victory, even though
Bernie Sanders
had spent $2 million more than
she did on
ads in New York state. It was
really home,
sweet home, for Hillary Clinton
last night.
And it puts her on a much
steadier track.
She lost in Wisconsin. I think
that -- she
had lost in a series, seven of
the last eight
contests in states. So, this was
a big victory.
She heads now to states that
should also be
pretty friendly territory next
Tuesday in
the Mid-Atlantic. She now could
win the nomination
even if he doesn't win another
primary by
keeping it close because of the
proportional
allocation of delegates in the
Democratic
Party.
So, she said last night she
could see victory
in her sights. I think that's
pretty accurate.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But, Reid, what
does Sanders,
what do his people see in these
results last
night that give them hope?
REID WILSON, Morning Consult:
Well, they see
that both candidates are going
to struggle
to get the 2,383 delegates that
they need
to actually win the Democratic
nomination.
Hillary Clinton has a
significant lead, and
she's got a much better path.
She only needs
to win about a quarter of the
remaining delegates
to be allocated to get to that
level with
the superdelegate support.
However, the Sanders
folks, and we heard Jeff Weaver
talk about
this a little bit last night,
believe that
they can convince Democratic
superdelegates
to switch their allegiances to
Bernie Sanders.
That's a real long shot. These
superdelegates
are party leaders and elected
officials who
have spent a long time in the
Democratic Party
and they know the work that
Clintons have
done for the Democratic Party.
Meanwhile, Bernie Sanders has
not done the
same kind of legwork to try to
elect fellow
Democrats.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And isn't it,
Susan, just getting
-- it has been and it's even
more mathematically
difficult now for Bernie Sanders
to get to
that number.
SUSAN PAGE: Yes.
And he's done a remarkable job.
He's posed
a much more serious challenge
than I think
anyone, including himself,
expected at the
beginning. But at this point,
the debate is,
what does Bernie Sanders want?
I expect Bernie Sanders to stay
in the race.
Usually, candidates don't get
out of the race
until they run out of money.
He's not going
to run out of money. But the
debate is, what
is the role that he sees for
himself going
forward, and will he do
everything he can
to unite the party if and when
Hillary Clinton
is the nominee?
In the exit polls last night in
New York,
25 percent of Sanders supporters
said they
wouldn't vote for Hillary
Clinton in the fall.
She really needs his help to
bring the party
together if and when she's the
nominee.
JUDY WOODRUFF: You ask what he
wants. It sounds
like he's still saying he wants
to be the
nominee. He's not ready to give
that dream
up.
REID WILSON: And the irony is
that if Hillary
Clinton becomes president, if
the Democrats
take back the U.S. Senate,
Bernie Sanders
is in line to chair a major
committee.
Remember, he is still
technically an independent.
He hasn't been elected to the
Senate as a
Democrat. And once again, this
is a party
that remembers the work that its
members,
that its politicians have done
to help the
rest of the party as well.
Bernie Sanders doesn't
necessarily have to
chair this committee if his
fellow senators
don't think that he...
SUSAN PAGE: Although it was
interesting Jeff
Weaver said this afternoon that
Bernie Sanders
would remain a Democrat after
this contest.
That answers a question that we
had had. There's
one problem for the Clinton
people. There
are two things that opponents
often want that
he doesn't want. He doesn't need
help retiring
his debt. He is more successful
than she is
in raising money. He also
doesn't want to
be on the ticket.
(CROSSTALK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: He doesn't want
to be her running
mate.
SUSAN PAGE: He doesn't want to
be her running
mate.
So, that makes it a little bit
more complicated
to figure out how you bring him
in the fold.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, let's talk
about the
Republicans.
Donald Trump -- Reid, does the
trajectory
of the Republican race change
because of New
York? Because contest after
contest before
this, Ted Cruz was feeling his
oats, but after
last night, what do we see?
REID WILSON: And Donald Trump
won a substantial
victory. He won 26 of the 27
congressional
districts within New York.
Ironically, the
only one he lost is the one he
actually lives
in, in Manhattan.
And his path gets a lot easier.
He won 90
delegates. That's a bigger prize
than any
other state is going to offer
until we get
to California in June. And he's
got some -- he's
leading in polls in the five
states that will
vote next week, in states like
Pennsylvania
and Delaware and Rhode Island
and Connecticut
-- and what's the fifth? I'm --
Maryland.
Sorry.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Maryland.
REID WILSON: All of which he's
leading in.
So, if he's able to win all of
the 118 delegates
that are up next Tuesday, his
path gets even
more clear.
However, he still has to win 52
percent of
the remaining delegates after
that. I'm saying
his chances are plausible, but
precarious.
JUDY WOODRUFF: It just sounds
like, Susan,
up until now, so much of the
talk was about
what happens at the convention
for Donald
Trump. But now people are -- you
hear more
conversation about how he could
actually get
to the number he needs before
Cleveland.
SUSAN PAGE: It's clear he's
going to get pretty
close. I think it's pretty clear
he's going
to get close to the number.
For one thing, what can they
throw at him
that they haven't thrown at him
so far? It's
not like his controversial views
are a mystery
to voters. They have heard him
talk about
it. His temperament, people have
seen it,
and they continue to vote for
him.
And I think there's an argument
he's made
that's been pretty effective,
which is the
fair play argument. Americans
really believe
in fair play, and you see a
majority -- a
significant majority of
Republican voters
saying if somebody has most
delegates, but
isn't quite up to a majority,
they still should
be the nominee.
I think that is a pretty
effective argument.
He's not there yet. But after
last night and
a 35-point victory, you
definitely see a path
for him to avoid a contested
convention.
JUDY WOODRUFF: It was
interesting, Reid, last
night, a lot of conversation
about, well,
Donald Trump seems to be
moderating his tone.
He's not calling him lyin' --
Senator Cruz
lyin' Ted.
But, today, campaigning in
Indiana, he was
right back to the same language.
REID WILSON: And this is sort of
the dichotomy
of Donald Trump. Right?
Every candidate moderates after
a primary
election. Trump doesn't have to
necessarily
moderate on ideological issues.
He has to
moderate on his personality. He
has to appear
presidential. And we have seen
little flashes
of this, his press conference in
Mar-a-Lago
after winning primaries back in
March, and
then last night a much more
subdued, much
more staid conversation, press
conference,
as well as the fact that he has
actually stayed
off the Sunday television shows
for a couple
of weeks in a row after the
longest stretch
that I can remember of being
consistently
there.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Susan, what is
Ted Cruz's -- or
John Kasich, who we haven't even
mentioned
yet?
SUSAN PAGE: I think John Kasich
has a very
tough path ahead. I mean, it's
not mathematically
possible for him to come into
the convention
with a majority of delegates.
He's a little out of synch with
his party.
I think he's kind of moderate
for a very conservative
party. And for Ted Cruz, he is
now out of
his elements when we go to these
states, to
New York, to the Mid-Atlantic
states that
vote next Tuesday.
These are not friendly
territories for Ted
Cruz. He has run a very
effective campaign.
He is very shrewd in terms of
the delegate
selection process, but he has a
really -- he
really needs something bad to
happen to Trump's
path for there to be an opening
for him, I
think.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, we're going
to be watching.
Next week, it's Pennsylvania and
then on to
these other states.
Thank you both.
SUSAN PAGE: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Reid Wilson,
Susan Page, thank
you.
It has been a much anticipated
decision, but
the United States' currency is
in for the
first changes in a long time,
giving new prominence
to civil rights and women's
history in this
country.
The familiar greenbacks haven't
seen a new
face in almost 90 years. And
when the Treasury
Department announced last year a
woman might
grace a bill for the first time
in history,
there was jubilation from
American women,
but a backlash from Alexander
Hamilton fans,
who were upset over anyone
replacing him on
the $10 bill.
The first secretary of the
treasury, Hamilton
has become a darling of popular
culture with
the runaway success of the
Broadway musical
named after him. There was
plenty of feedback
and even some indignation at the
suggestion
Hamilton might be replaced.
Today, after much speculation,
Treasury Secretary
Jack Lew announced it's the
seventh president
of the United States, Andrew
Jackson, who
loses his spot on the front of
the $20 bill.
He will be replaced by Harriet
Tubman, the
Civil War anti-slavery activist
and a leader
of the Underground Railroad.
Hamilton stays put on the $10
bill, but the
reverse side will now include
leaders of the
women's suffrage movement,
including Susan
B. Anthony, and another
abolitionist, Sojourner
Truth.
The $5 bill also gets an update
to include
civil rights leaders such Marian
Anderson,
Eleanor Roosevelt, and Martin
Luther King
Jr.
I caught up with Treasury
Secretary Lew earlier
today.
Secretary Jack Lew, thank you
for joining
us.
JACK LEW, U.S. Treasury
Secretary: Great to
be with you, Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, big decision,
the first
time a woman is going on the
face of a piece
of U.S. currency that's in wide
circulation.
Why Harriet Tubman?
JACK LEW: You know, when we
started the public
discussion of this almost a year
ago, I said
it's been almost 100 years since
we have had
a woman on our currency, and
that had to change,
and it had to change as soon as
possible.
We went through a process of
listening. And
I kind of did it the
old-fashioned way. We
actually listened. Heard from
well over a
million people in one way or
another, responses
through handwritten notes and
e-mails and
tweets and retweets.
And the amount of support and
interest in
Harriet Tubman was quite
impressive. It showed
that the story of Harriet Tubman
means a lot
to people of all ages in this
country, and
it speaks to something very
important about
American democracy.
Here, a woman born a slave,
illiterate her
whole life, can, after spending
countless
trips going back and forth
freeing people
on an individual basis, worked
for the Army
to help -- as a spy, help them
find their
way into battle in the Civil
War, and then
be a founder of the women's
suffrage movement,
how that can change our country.
And I think
that's -- it's a tremendous
American story.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now, by all
accounts, you changed
your thinking here at Treasury.
JACK LEW: I did.
JUDY WOODRUFF: There were
reports it was going
to be a woman to replace
Alexander Hamilton.
There was reliable reports it
was going to
be Susan B. Anthony, the leader
of the women's
suffrage movement in this
country. Why change?
JACK LEW: What we did was, we
widened the
lens.
It became very clear, listening
to the amount
of interest and response, first
of all, that
the $20 bill had a special
resonance, because
we all use it so much, because
we get it in
money machines, that it's the
bill where,
if we wanted to put a woman on a
bill that
people were going to feel was
the bill that
they use, the $20 bill had a
special meaning.
And we also -- I came to the
conclusion fairly
quickly as we were listening
that there's
a lot more here than just one
square inch
of one bill. We ought to be
looking at the
whole series $5, $10, and $20.
And once you start doing more
things, it gives
you the ability to tell more
stories. So,
for example, on the back of the
$10 bill,
we're going to tell the story of
women's suffrage.
We will have images of the
leading suffragists,
five incredible women.
We are going to have a depiction
of a demonstration,
a rally on the steps of the
Treasury Building
demanding in 1913 that women get
-- be given
the right to vote. And on the
back of the
$5 bill, we are going to have a
image of Marian
Anderson and Eleanor Roosevelt,
when Marian
Anderson couldn't sing in a
concert hall in
Washington because of
segregation, and the
steps of the Lincoln Memorial
were open to
her to sing to 75,000 people.
So, it tells a lot of stories,
this series
of decisions.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, is it fair to
say it's
more of a focus on civil rights
than it is
on gender?
JACK LEW: At the beginning, we
said it's going
to be a focus on democracy. I
would call it
a focus on democracy.
It's how you use your voice in a
democracy
to effect change. See, you look
at a series
of individuals and the stories
that are going
to be depicted. What it says is
that change
in this country doesn't just
come by what
we do in the halls of
Washington. It's what
individuals do in their actions.
JUDY WOODRUFF: It looks as if
you were influenced
by the success of this Broadway
musical "Hamilton."
Were you?
JACK LEW: You know, candidly, we
decided pretty
early on as we were listening to
have a broader
approach.
And I think that it would be an
overstatement
to say that it's a response to
that. I heard
almost immediately when I made
my announcement
in June from people who said,
don't take Alexander
Hamilton off of our money. And I
said, don't
worry. He's always going to be
on our money.
You can't work in this building
without feeling
that you stand on his shoulders.
And I think what we came to was
a much bigger
approach, and one that is
powerful in telling
a series of stories, and it
involves the $20,
the $10, and the $5, not just
one bill.
JUDY WOODRUFF: I ask about
Alexander Hamilton
because, clearly, there's
another side of
the Hamilton story, the
philandering, leaving
his family penniless, and the
rest of it.
JACK LEW: I think that the
contributions that
Alexander Hamilton made to
building our economy
and our system of government are
legendary.
And the loyalty of his wife to
preserving
his memory is also legendary.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Why do you think
it's taken
so long to get a woman on the
currency?
JACK LEW: You know, it's a good
question,
Judy.
I'm not sure I can answer it.
Obviously, from
my perspective, it took too
long. That's why,
in June, when we announced we
were doing it,
we had to do it, and we had to
do it on the
next bill that comes out. And
we're doing
that.
I have been working on this,
literally, since
I started here at Treasury. The
work began
before I got here. But it's not
something
that we wasted any time on. And
I think it's
long overdue.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And when will we
actually see
this? I mean, you know, women's
groups are
already saying it's taken so
long already.
Now we have to wait years more
for this to
be in circulation.
JACK LEW: So, the plan is that,
in 2020, the
100th anniversary of women's
suffrage, all
three images, all three designs
will be revealed
in their final detail.
And after that, the production
process will
begin. I have already instructed
the Bureau
of Engraving and Printing to
work as quickly
as possible to make that process
go as quickly
as possible. And I have talked
-- the two
offices in government that have
authority
over this are the Treasury and
the Federal
Reserve board.
I have talked to the chair of
the Federal
Reserve, and we agree on two
things. One,
have to make sure our money is
safe, and we
should move this process as
quickly as we
can.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Secretary of the
Treasury Jack
Lew, thank you very much.
JACK LEW: Great to be with you,
Judy.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour":
reducing childhood
trauma to minimize serious
health consequences
in adults; the Pulitzer
Prize-winning investigation
that traced seafood to slave
labor; and NPR
correspondent Barbara Bradley
Hagerty on coping
with a midlife crisis.
But, first, a dispute over some
laws in states
to curb drunk driving.
Over the years, at least a dozen
states have
made it a crime for suspected
drunk drivers
to refuse to take alcohol tests.
But does
a police officer have to get a
search warrant
before performing such a test?
And do these
laws violate the Fourth
Amendment?
The Supreme Court grappled with
these questions
today, as it considered three
cases challenging
laws of this sort in North
Dakota and Minnesota.
Marcia Coyle of "The National
Law Journal"
was in the courtroom, as always,
and she joins
me now.
So, what's the hassle in getting
a warrant
before you do one of these
tests?
MARCIA COYLE, "The National Law
Journal":
Well, if you are asking the
states of North
Dakota and Minnesota, who are
involved in
this, they say that, one, you
don't have magistrates
available 24/7 to answer a
police officer's
call for a warrant.
It can take a while. There are
concerns about,
you know, evidence being lost.
But, basically,
the states are saying here,
look, states have
a bargain with drivers. Driving
is not a right.
It's a privilege. And when you
get your license,
you're agreeing -- you're
impliedly consenting
to certain requirements.
And the states feel these states
-- there
are 12 of them now and the
federal government
-- impose criminal penalties if
you refuse
to take these tests.
HARI SREENIVASAN: So, if you --
is there a
distinction between the type of
test that
can be taken, a Breathalyzer
that we're familiar
with, a field sobriety test if
you're just
walking a line, vs. a blood
test?
MARCIA COYLE: During the
arguments today,
that really did come out in some
of the justices'
questioning, Justice Breyer, for
example.
By the way, Hari, this was a
great example
of how they play devil's
advocate with each
side. Justice Breyer, for
example, said to
the lawyer who was representing
the three
men challenging these laws, you
know, what's
the big deal about a breath
test, for example?
You blow into a straw that's
connected to
a little machine that's about
the size of
a cell phone. You're giving up
carbon dioxide
that's going to go into the
environment anyway.
It's not all that invasive, not
all that intrusive.
On the other hand, then, when
the states'
lawyers came up, he said --
would say to them,
well, look, how long does it
take to get a
search warrant for these breath
tests? Wyoming
says it takes five minutes.
Montana says it
takes 15 minutes. How long does
it take in
North Dakota?
And if they're transporting
these people after
they have been arrested to a
police station,
why can't the police officer
just make the
call on the way, maybe on a cell
phone that
has a big W for warrant on it,
press the button?
It was -- the argument was a lot
of fun in
some respects. So, at the very
end, though,
Justice Kennedy asked the Obama
administration's
lawyer, who was supporting the
states, can
we distinguish between the
breath test and
the blood alcohol test?
And the Obama administration's
lawyer said,
well, yes, you can, because a
breath test
is not as invasive as a blood
alcohol test.
It's faster. You can do it as
part of the
booking process at the station,
whereas a
blood alcohol test has to be
done at a hospital.
But he also said he didn't think
a warrant
was a good fit for a breath
test. And here's
the reason why, he said. Police
officers use
warrants to force compliance,
and you can't
force somebody to blow into a
straw. But he
said, if you do impose a warrant
requirement
on breath tests, police officers
are going
to start doing blood draws,
because you can
force somebody to give blood in
the hospital
under restraint. You can take
their blood.
So, I think the justices are
wrestling with
the difference between the two.
And three
years ago, the court actually
dealt with warrants
and blood alcohol draws. The
decision was
kind of fractured. Police then
argued they
didn't need warrants because
this was what
they -- an exception to the
Fourth Amendment,
an exigency circumstance. Blood
alcohol dissipates
quickly. You don't have time to
get a warrant.
Well, the court didn't buy that
entirely.
It said, basically, not every
time you need
a blood alcohol draw is it an
emergency situation.
Courts have to look at the
totality of the
circumstances. But because it
was a fractured
decision, nothing really was
clear.
And I think the court took these
three cases,
two involving blood alcohol
draws, one involving
the breath test, in order to try
to resolve
this or clarify the law in terms
of the warrant
requirement.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
Marcia Coyle
of "The National Law Journal,"
thanks so much.
MARCIA COYLE: My pleasure, Hari.
JUDY WOODRUFF: There is more and
more evidence
that traumatic events
experienced in childhood,
like abuse, neighborhood
violence or the death
of a parent, can contribute to
health consequences
in adulthood, from heart disease
to diabetes.
Now communities throughout the
U.S. are beginning
to intervene to try to prevent
this.
Special correspondent Sarah
Varney begins
our report from Los Angeles,
which was done
in partnership with Kaiser
Health News, and
with support from the Solutions
Journalism
Network.
SARAH VARNEY: Kimberly Cervantes
has spent
much of her young life learning
to outwit
the perils of Compton. Although
she had adults
she could trust in high school,
like teacher
Armando Castro, they couldn't
shield her from
an assault on a public bus.
KIMBERLY CERVANTES, Compton
Resident: He tried
to grab me.
SARAH VARNEY: And frequent
gunshots outside
the school. In middle school,
she witnessed
the deaths of two students. That
steady exposure
to violence has led Cervantes to
some dark
places, at times a crippling
anxiety that
forced her to miss school and
thoughts of
suicide.
KIMBERLY CERVANTES: There's so
many people
out there acting out and just
drug abusers
on almost every corner. It's
hard to maintain
the whole happy-go-lifestyle,
you know? It's
not easy.
SARAH VARNEY: In an
unprecedented move, Cervantes
and four other students are
suing the Compton
Unified School District, arguing
that the
trauma they have faced makes it
difficult
to learn. They're asking the
federal court
to force the district to provide
additional
support, in the same way schools
accommodate
students with autism, dyslexia
and other learning
differences under the Americans
With Disabilities
Act.
At home in Compton, Arthur,
whose identity
has to be protected because of
the pending
lawsuit, has struggled with
homework. He was
rescued by his father from a
drug-addicted
mother, but because of his
outbursts and defiance,
he's bounced from school to
school.
Students who've suffered
multiple traumatic
incidents are six times more
likely to have
behavioral problems, five times
more likely
to skip school, and
two-and-a-half times more
likely to repeat a grade.
Public Counsel staff attorney
Kathryn Eidmann,
who is on the legal team
representing the
students, says research shows
that sustained
stress alters brain development
and, if ignored,
can derail academic achievement.
KATHRYN EIDMANN, Staff Attorney,
Public Counsel:
The children who have been
injured, through
no fault of their own, by these
types of adverse
experiences need intervention
and support
from the schools in order to be
able to learn.
SARAH VARNEY: The lawsuit is
currently pending
in federal court.
With each passing year, new
research validates
a pioneering large-scale study
from the 1990s
that found one in four had grown
up in households
with substance abuse, one in
four had been
physically abused, and one in
five sexually
abused. These so-called adverse
childhood
experiences, or ACEs, were found
to predict
a raft of health and social
problems, from
adolescent pregnancy to
depression and heart
disease in adulthood.
As the long term implications of
childhood
trauma become increasingly
clear, cities across
the country are trying to
understand the kind
of violence happening in their
own communities
along city streets and behind
closed doors.
Local leaders say the next step
is to stop
those traumatic events from
happening in the
first place.
In Memphis, Tennessee, a city
rich in music
and culture, but marked by
violence and racial
strife, local leaders who
commissioned a survey
to measure childhood trauma were
stunned at
the results; 37 percent of
adults in the county
during their youth had witnessed
someone being
shot or stabbed; 22 percent
witnessed violence
between adults.
But what could local leaders do
to spare the
next generation similar anguish?
BARBARA HOLDEN NIXON, ACE Center
Task Force
of Shelby County: We know that
children are
being expelled from pre-K more
frequently
than they are from K-12.
SARAH VARNEY: Barbara Holden
Nixon, a longtime
social worker, founded the ACE
Center Task
Force of Shelby County. She
convened a who's-who
of state and local government
and community
leaders to focus primarily on
parenting to
try to prevent trauma from the
earliest ages.
BARBARA HOLDEN NIXON: There's
not a transition
place until a person gets to
juvenile justice,
I mean, all kinds of things
before they really
see another professional,
because we don't
have this preventative network.
SARAH VARNEY: Nixon turned to
Robin Karr-Morse,
a well-known expert on childhood
trauma. She
says parents who themselves
suffered wrenching
childhoods need help learning
better ways
to raise their children.
ROBIN KARR-MORSE, The Parenting
Institute:
We're putting no blame on the
parents. The
whole idea is just the opposite.
It's to recognize
that those things have happened
to them. It's
not, what's wrong with you?
It's, what happened
to you? And then giving them
tools to help
offset whatever that is.
SARAH VARNEY: Memphis has
started by opening
Universal Parenting Places, free
drop-in centers
that offer art therapy that help
children
and parents express difficult
emotions.
WOMAN: I rise above.
SARAH VARNEY: Music classes to
help stressed
families find joy, and
individual counseling
to help parents understand their
own trauma
and break the cycle with their
children.
Kimberly Lawston sought help
after a bitter
divorce to explain the breakup
to help children.
But the counseling sessions led
Lawston to
reflect on her own childhood.
KIMBERLY LAWSTON, Mother: My
mother was a
hollerer, you know, and I didn't
want to be
that way, where you were afraid
to come to
me.
SARAH VARNEY: Now she's learning
new approaches
to parenting, although she's
faced resistance
from her family.
KIMBERLY LAWSTON: At first, it
was a struggle.
It was like a fight, like
pulling teeth, like,
no, that's not how we do it. We
do it this
way. There's nothing wrong with
us, the way
we raised you. You have to do
what I say.
And I was like, well, it's not
your world
anymore. It's mine. And I have
to do what's
best for me, in order for my --
me and my
children to heal.
SARAH VARNEY: One of the
Parenting Places
has opened at Baptist Memorial
Hospital for
Women, where doctors can refer
parents directly
upstairs for classes and
counseling. The next
will open in Perea Preschool.
Principal Alicia Norman says
interventions
are urgently needed, as the
number of preschoolers
being expelled grows.
ALICIA NORMAN, Principal, Perea
Preschool:
They're angry. They are out of
control, 3-
and 4-year-olds. And it breaks
my heart to
see that a child has been broken
so early
in life.
SARAH VARNEY: In school surveys,
Norman says
parents report spanking their
children, in
some cases with belts and
electrical cords,
up to five days a week.
ALICIA NORMAN: For a lot of our
families,
their first option, sometimes
their only option
is to spank their children,
where research
shows now the adverse effects of
spanking,
especially spanking gone wrong.
They want their children to be
the best that
they can be, but these are the
only tools
that they have.
WOMAN: In terms of law
enforcement, we're
seeing more and more of the
effects that it
has on children, just violence
in the home.
SARAH VARNEY: Local law
enforcement officers
say children living in turbulent
homes, whether
they're wealthy or poor, are
more likely to
end up in the criminal justice
system.
STEPHEN BUSH, Shelby County
Chief Public Defender:
What if we could right-size our
criminal justice
system?
SARAH VARNEY: But Stephen Bush,
Shelby County
chief public defender and a
fervent member
of the task force, says the ACE
research is
changing how cases are
prosecuted here.
STEPHEN BUSH: The use of adverse
childhood
experiences and the language
around that has
given us a new common language
when we're
advocating on behalf of kids in
front of the
courts that helps explain some
of the behaviors
that might not seem
understandable if you're
just looking at it without
understanding the
history of this child's life.
SARAH VARNEY: Support for this
new awareness
reaches to the top of county
government.
Shelby County Mayor Mark
Luttrell, also a
task force member, calls the ACE
research
a basic philosophy of county
government.
MARK LUTTRELL, Shelby County
Mayor: We have
tried to make it the common
thread that runs
through our public safety
agenda, through
our public health agenda,
through our community
services agenda, through our
education agenda.
Every portfolio that we have
within county
government has a component in
there for, how
do you address the younger
generations at
that formative stage?
SARAH VARNEY: No one expects
change to come
quickly to Memphis. It could
take decades
to figure out if this approach
reduces violence
in the community. But leaders
here say doing
away with the stigma of getting
parenting
help and even making it fun and
joyful is
a good start.
For the "PBS NewsHour" and
Kaiser Health News,
I'm Sarah Varney in Memphis.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Now a
startling expose about
slave labor in the world of
seafood.
This week, we're looking at some
of the Pulitzer
Prize winners. And the
Associated Press' 18-month-long
investigation won the prize for
public service.
It tracked the widespread use of
slave labor
in Southeast Asia and how it's
part in a supply
chain bringing seafood to
American restaurants
and supermarkets.
Fishermen were beaten and caged,
and reporters
even hid in the back of trucks
for days to
pursue the story. Since then,
more than 2,000
slaves have been freed.
Martha Mendoza was part of that
reporting
team, and joins me now.
Martha, what was the catalyst
for the investigation
in the first place?
Unfortunately, we have
heard of slave-like conditions
in different
parts of the world before. What
made you want
to follow this?
MARTHA MENDOZA, Associated
Press: Well, Slavery
at sea wasn't a secret, but the
stories that
were being told came from
rescued slaves.
And, therefore, there was no
traction because
the response was, these guys are
safe. There
is not really a problem anymore.
So, we set
out to do what some people
warned us was going
to be impossible. We wanted to
find captive
slaves, and then we wanted to
track their
catch with detailed accuracy all
the way back
to the dinner table to get
people who were
at the other end of this supply
chain engaged.
HARI SREENIVASAN: So, how do you
find the
captive slaves in the first
place?
MARTHA MENDOZA: My colleagues
spoke at length
and for many months with people
who had escaped,
as well as human rights
activists who worked
with people who had escaped.
And they had some miss, going to
places where
this wasn't happening or false
leads. But
when they heard about this
island in Indonesia
called Benjina, they had a
pretty good idea
there might be labor abuse going
on there.
And it was a plane trip to a
boat ride to
a second boat ride to an island
that can only
be reached at certain times of
the year.
And that's where my colleagues
did, indeed,
find a slave island.
HARI SREENIVASAN: So, when they
get to this
island, obviously, it's not the
red carpet.
I mean, are you hiding
throughout this process
when you're trying to document
what is on
the island, who lives here, what
the conditions
are?
MARTHA MENDOZA: Well, actually,
the AP reporters,
the AP team split up.
So, some were ostensibly
interested in the
fishing operations, and others
were at the
same time kind of checking out
other parts
of what was happening on the
island. When
Robin McDowell, who was there,
realized that
a number of the men were from
Burma, she asked
Esther Htusan to fly and boat,
make the trip
there to Burma.
And when Esther arrived, that's
when the story
really broke open for her,
because these men
wanted to tell her their story.
They were
shoving pieces of papers in
their hands with
their parents' names and phone
numbers and
their villages begging them to
tell their
families back home that they
were alive.
And when they asked to see more
of these men,
they actually were taken to a
graveyard with
more than 70 bodies and false
names on the
signs above them.
HARI SREENIVASAN: So what's the
trail? What's
the paper trail between how that
seafood that
these slaves are fishing
actually gets to
a grocery store in the United
States?
MARTHA MENDOZA: Well, we videoed
and documented
the seafood being loaded on to
one refrigerated
cargo ship.
That boat had a satellite
tracker in it, and
that tracker was pinging to a
locator, and
we watched the boat via the
Internet. And
for two weeks, we tracked it
into port. When
it arrived in port, AP met it
and watched
the seafood being unloaded into
pickup trucks,
and followed those trucks to
factories.
We were able to search and find
the companies
in Thailand that were then
shipping to the
United States, and go to these
American seafood
distributors to figure out where
their fish
ends up.
A lot of time, when you're in a
supermarket,
you're going to see a piece of
fish under
some clear plastic wrap with a
label on it.
It's not even going to say which
distributor
it came from. So, there was a
lot of steps
in between. But, eventually, we
were able
to track it to Wal-Mart,
Safeway, Sysco, Albertsons,
and products like Fancy Feasts
and Iams as
well.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right, so
since story,
more than 2000 men have been
freed. And you
were able to document some of
those stories
of them reuniting with their
families.
MARTHA MENDOZA: Yes.
So about a week after we
finished our story,
authorities went to the island
of Benjina
and began interviewing men. They
talked to
a couple who described their
horrific, desperate
situation and also told the
authorities that
they would be beaten and hurt
for telling
their story. And they were told,
no, we're
going to rescue you.
Word got out on the island, and
pretty soon
they just went ahead and made
the announcement,
anyone who wants to come with us
can come.
And hundreds of people began
pouring down
to the docks, jumping out of
boat windows,
running out of the jungle.
And on that day alone, 400 --
close to 400
men were rescued. And, yes, it
grew to 2,000.
One man we followed home, Myint
Naing, had
been gone for 22 years. His
sister saw him
walking into the village, and
screamed and
cried and held him. And then,
when his mother
saw him, she was actually
overwhelmed and
had to -- she lost her breath
for a while.
It was a very sweet and moving
moment.
HARI SREENIVASAN: What's the
Thai government
said that they would do or what
have they
done since this has been
published?
MARTHA MENDOZA: The Thai
government, prior
to us publishing and as we
published story
after story, kept making
commitments to do
better. They have made it so
that, if you
are a victim of human
trafficking, they say
are you no longer treated as an
illegal immigrant
and simply deported as a
criminal.
They have vowed to make
prosecutions more
of a priority, and one of the
pieces of this
we did involved shrimp
processing. And the
shrimp sector there in Thailand
has -- says
they're moving all shrimp
processing in house.
So they're not going to
outsource any shrimp
processing in sheds, where there
is much less
oversight.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
Martha Mendoza
of the Associated Press, thanks
so much.
MARTHA MENDOZA: Thank you, Hari.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now a new take on
coping with
the anxieties of middle age.
It's the newest
addition to the "NewsHour"
Bookshelf.
Jeffrey Brown has that.
JEFFREY BROWN: Personal
disappointment, a
stagnating career, feelings of
physical decline,
the classic descriptions of a
midlife crisis.
But do we have that all wrong?
"Life Reimagined: The Science,
Art, and Opportunity
of Midlife" takes the challenge
of answering
that.
Author Barbara Bradley Hagerty
spent nearly
20 years with NPR covering law
and religion
before, well, she changed her
own midlife.
And welcome to you.
BARBARA BRADLEY HAGERTY, Author,
"Life Reimagined:
The Science, Art, and
Opportunity of Midlife":
Thank you. It's great to be
here.
JEFFREY BROWN: So, the first
main finding
seems to be that the so-called
midlife crisis
is really a kind of made-up
construct.
BARBARA BRADLEY HAGERTY: It is.
We had this kind of cultural
transformation,
when everyone thought we had to
have a midlife
crisis. Everyone had to buy a
sports car or
dump their spouse or something
like that.
And then what happened is, in
the mid-1990s,
U.S. psychologists started to
say, is there
really such a thing as a midlife
crisis? Is
it common? How common is it?
And when they began to look at
this, what
they found is that only about 10
percent of
people have a classic midlife
crisis, which
is this kind of existential
angst about dying
before you can achieve your
dreams, only about
10 point.
JEFFREY BROWN: Short of that,
though, everyone
does go through stages, right?
Everyone has
turning points.
BARBARA BRADLEY HAGERTY: You do.
JEFFREY BROWN: You yourself had
-- it got
you writing.
BARBARA BRADLEY HAGERTY: I also
had one. That's
right. That's right.
In fact, while midlife crisis is
not all that
common, midlife ennui, that kind
of malaise
that people have, that's
actually very, very
common. People generally are
happy in their
20s and 30s, and then they kind
of get discontented
in their 40s and 50s. And then
they swoop
back up and they're very happy
in their late
kind of 50s, 60s, 70s.
And so there's this nadir at
midlife, generally
around 45 in America.
JEFFREY BROWN: You approach this
as the reporter
you are. You talked to lots of
people. Right?
What struck you most about the
kinds of crises,
or let's call it a slump, that
you would find
from people? What kind of
things?
BARBARA BRADLEY HAGERTY: This
was done shortly
after the 2008 recession. That
was the most
common trigger to this midlife
slump that
people had.
And, basically, if you're 50 and
you lose
your job, it is really hard to
find another
one. So, what I kind of found
was, 55 is the
new 65. That's what people were
finding. It
was very difficult.
But almost without exception,
the people I
talked to who were in that slump
eventually
did find another job, and they
were much happier.
And the point here that was
really interesting
is, people generally return to
their happiness
set point.
JEFFREY BROWN: Happiness set --
what does
that mean?
BARBARA BRADLEY HAGERTY: It just
means that
people have a certain set point.
I'm a little bit happier than my
husband.
If something happens to me, I
will return
to my happiness set point, kind
of my average
happiness level. His might be
different from
mine. Everyone has a little bit
of a different
one, but you return to your
norm.
JEFFREY BROWN: Tell me about key
findings
that places like the wonderfully
named Happiness
Research Center in Copenhagen
are coming to.
BARBARA BRADLEY HAGERTY: Well,
what they did
is, they looked at job
satisfaction.
And what they found is that the
key thing
to job satisfaction, the most
important thing
is having a purpose, feeling
like your job
has a purpose. And so it could
be either that
you feel your job personally has
a purpose
or that you're part of an
organization with
a greater mission.
Purpose turns out to be like the
magic bullet
for happiness.
JEFFREY BROWN: Across the board?
BARBARA BRADLEY HAGERTY: Across
the board,
not just at work, but having a
purpose in
life tends to makes you
healthier. It means
that you stave off dementia
better than other
people.
It means that you're much less
likely to have
a stroke or be sick. It is a
wonderful quality
to have, this idea that you have
purpose in
life, you have a reason to get
out of bed
in the morning.
JEFFREY BROWN: You also are
looking at people
who have made changes in their
lives, right?
How do you make those changes?
How do you
decide big things, like changing
a job, for
example? When is it time to --
if I'm not
happy at the job, what do I do
next? Because
that's not easy either.
BARBARA BRADLEY HAGERTY: Right.
Right.
Now, one thing that career
experts say you
shouldn't do is just kind of
leave your job
and follow your muse. You're an
accountant,
and you want to be a Hollywood
star. That
usually doesn't work out so
well.
So what you need to do is really
think about,
what is -- what am I really good
at? What
do I love doing? Is there a way
to pivot on
that so that even within the
company I work
for, or the organization I work,
I can do
more of that than less of things
I'm really
bad at?
You know, if you're an editor
who has been
put up in management, and you
don't like management,
go back to being an editor. So,
that's one
thing.
The other thing that people can
do is, while
they're exploring what they want
to do next,
they should dip a toe in the
water. And by
that, I mean, they should
volunteer at an
organization that they think
they might like.
They should take classes.
I talked to one man who was an
investment
banker who went to divinity
school at night,
and now he's a minister. So
that's the other
thing. You should be careful
about it. Look
deep inside yourself and then
take the leap.
JEFFREY BROWN: I have to ask you
this, because
the baby boom generation, and,
to some degree,
Gen-Xers, are famously derided
for being self-absorbed,
right, full of ourselves. Right?
Is this a discussion just for
those who can
either, A, afford it, those who
are a little
bit more absorbed with
themselves than perhaps
we should be?
BARBARA BRADLEY HAGERTY: Right.
Well, I must say that midlife
crisis is a
privileged problem to have.
People who are
working two jobs, both partners
working two
jobs, and they have kids, and
they don't have
really a lot of time to look
deep into themselves
and wonder if they're
existentially happy.
Right?
So it is really something for
the privileged,
people in the middle class or
even a little
wealthier, who can afford to
have a midlife
crisis.
JEFFREY BROWN: And this is, in
part, a memoir,
right?
BARBARA BRADLEY HAGERTY: It is.
JEFFREY BROWN: So, is in part...
It is.
JEFFREY BROWN: Yes.
BARBARA BRADLEY HAGERTY: And the
reason I
did it that way is because I
think I wanted
people to know that I was going
through this
too.
I looked at all the parts that I
think are
important in life. I looked at
midlife marriage,
midlife brain, midlife
friendships, midlife
career, that kind of thing. When
bad things
happen, what does resilience
research say?
So I looked at kind of all of
these parts
of my life that I thought were
really, really
important. And then I said, how
do you thrive?
How do you thrive at midlife
marriage?
How do you thrive? How do you
make your midlife
brain be sharper? That's how I
approached
it.
JEFFREY BROWN: And you're doing
OK?
BARBARA BRADLEY HAGERTY: I'm
doing great.
(LAUGHTER)
JEFFREY BROWN: All right, the
book is -- good,
because you want people to buy
the book, right?
"Life Reimagined" is the book,
"The Science,
Art, and Opportunity of
Midlife."
Barbara Bradley Hagerty, thanks
so much.
BARBARA BRADLEY HAGERTY: It's
been a pleasure.
Thank you.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Stay tuned.
Later tonight on "NOVA":
National parks are
key to protecting wildlife, but
even the largest
preserves are often too small to
maintain
diversity and healthy
populations. Researchers
set out to find a solution.
NARRATOR: Another major barrier
to wildlife
is the four-lane highway. With
several lanes
of traffic and speeding cars and
trucks, these
roads can be death traps.
Many animals are not as lucky as
this cub.
Millions are killed every year.
Woodley and
other scientists at Parks Canada
helped design
a road that would protect both
humans and
animals. Forty-four crossing
structures now
allow wildlife to move safely
though Banff
National Park.
MAN: There's two basic kinds of
crossing structures;
there's the underpasses, which
are dark tunnels,
and then there's the overpasses.
When you're
on top of them, even though you
have a four-lane
highway running underneath you,
it seems like
you're in the forest, trees
growing on them.
And it seems like certain kinds
of animals
like grizzly bears and wolves
like to use
those kind of crossing
structures.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The baby bear was
not threatening.
(LAUGHTER)
HARI SREENIVASAN: "NOVA" airs
tonight at 9:00
p.m. Eastern on most PBS
stations.
And tonight on "Charlie Rose": a
conversation
with and performance by
singer-songwriter
Ben Harper.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
online: There's
less than a week-and-a-half left
to take advantage
of a Social Security strategy
that can net
retirees thousands of dollars.
It is called
file and suspend. Our Making
Sense columnist
Larry Kotlikoff explains how it
works.
And superhero Faith Herbert, AKA
Zephyr, may
get noticed for her plus-size
physique, but
it's her mind, and not her body,
that gives
her the most power. We talked to
the writer
and editor of the new comic book
series, and
you can read that interview on
our home page.
All that and more is on our Web
site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And that's the
"NewsHour"
for tonight.
On Thursday, a devastating look
at the tragic
consequences when the mental
health care system
fails to help a troubled
individual on a downward
spiral.
I'm Hari Sreenivasan.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And I'm Judy
Woodruff.
Join us online and again right
here tomorrow
evening. For all of us at the
"PBS NewsHour,"
thank you, and good night.